In the Bible, according to the Book of Matthew Chapter 28 verse 19-20, "<em>Go ye therefore and teach all Nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and the Son, and of the Holy Ghost</em>." Verse 20 follows, saying, "<em>Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the World</em>".<Br>According to Scripture these were words spoken by Jesus Chris to his disciples - telling them to spread the Word and the teachings of His Word. I was raised by Christian parents and Grand-Parents, being taken to church when the doors opened and leaving well after Sunset. As a child I couldn't wait until I was old enough to decide for myself whether to opt of church. Growing up, I avoided going most of the time because it was my choice. Not until I met my wife, Starlit, did I return to attending church. My wife being a devoted Christian Woman and very familiar with God's Word, she encouraged me to not only return to church, but to The Lord. For many years my wife and I had many trials in our lives, that without The Lord in our lives, we would surely not have been able to sustain satan's attacks. <br>The Baptist church my children had grown up in was not a large church, but it certainly wasn't "small" either. This church was filled with Big Hearts focused on helping and healing others. I became the Assistant Youth Director to further The Lord's work in our community and to help our children in their own Walks of Faith. I didn't know this small step would have doors open for me to spread the Gospel even further. As an Assistant Youth Director, I had a dream that would change my life forever - I dreamed that I fully-surrendered my life to the Service and Teachings of our Lord Jesus Christ. So I became a Texas Licensed Minister of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. 

<br><br>This is not an easy road to follow, that of following Jesus Christ. In John 14:6, Jesus says "<em>I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life and no-one cometh to the Father but by Me</em>." I have never been called to be a minister of a church, but I have however spread the Good Word of our Lord Jesus Christ to all who need The Word. Being an interim pastor, a relief pastor when the original pastor needs a rest, is what the Lord has chosen for me to do at this time. Being a licensed Minister, I have been asked to assist churches with pulpit ministry and in their youth activities. <br><br>
It is truly a blessing to be asked to minister to a congregation or in other aspects of ministry: such as weddings, baptisms, and funeral services. One of the greatest blessing I can have is joining a man and woman in Holy Matrimony. In my ministry, in order to perform a ceremony I require (in most cases, with some exceptions) that the couple participate in two counseling sessions a week for six weeks. Because of my faith that the words of the Bible are true and the inherit, infallible Word of God, I reserve the right to refuse to perform a wedding ceremony. Because I have accepted the calling of my Lord to become a minister, I am held to a higher-standard. I have performed wedding ceremonies many times, in many different venues. I have performed weddings in large and small churches, private venues, parks, and even in horse stables (cleaned out of course)! After performing a wedding ceremony, I do a three-month follow-up on how the couple is doing and I continue to pray with them. <br><br>Another service I offer as a minister, is that of officiating funeral services for families. This is a humbling time for me because I have participated in both my father's and mother's funerals. These two services were sad in the respect I would no longer have earthly parents, but they were also celebrations. We were celebrating that my mother and father would be spending an eternity in Heaven with Our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, and all of our previously-passed family. We would see them again.  John Chapter 14, verse 2 - "<em>In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you</em>."